BMP,	GIF,	 JPEG,	and	PNG

0.  BMPs, JPEGs, PNGs each have 24 bits, meaning they have 2^24, or 16777216 colors.
    GIFs only have 8 bits, so they have 2^8, or 256 colors.

1.  GIFS can animate images

2.  Both lossy and lossless compression compresses image data so that it takes less memory or bandwidth. Lossy compression
    works by discarding some of the data (losing it). Here, details are lost as the image is further compressed, thus making
    it coarser. Lossless compression uses different algorithms to ensure that no data is lost during compression; the image will
    have the same level of detail after it's been compressed.

3.  JPEGs have lossy compression.

4.  A FAT system uses clusters to group and keep track of data sectors on its hard drive. A cluster is either marked as free,
    part of a file, or defective. A file therefore consists of one or more clusters. When it is erased, the first character
    in its directory entry is modified, thus telling the system that the directory entry can be reused. Then, the clusters
    belonging to the file are marked "free", so the system knows that it can overwrite them. The physical data is rarely touched.
    
5.  To ensure permanent deletion, you can overwrite the data by filling every addressable block of memory (with ASCII NUL
    bytes).
    
6.  stdint.h is a header file that is included in bmp.h. It indicates the stdint library, which defines new int types that are
    standardized across various systems so no changes need to be made when switching systems.
    
7.  Using uint8_t,uint16_t,... ensures that the variable has an exact width, specified by N=8,16,... This guarantees that the
    variable has the same number of bits (N) in every implementation. The u in front of int indicates it is unsigned, so it
    can only range from 0 to UINTN_MAX.
    
8.  A BYTE is an uint8_t, so it has 8 bits or 1 byte.
    DWORD AND LONG are both unit32_t, so it has 32 bits or 4 bytes.
    WORD is an unit16_t, so it has 16 bits or 2 bytes.
    
9.  The first two bytes of a BMP file must be the letter B, followed by the letter M, in ASCII.
 
10. biSize is part of the Bitmap's info header, while biSize is part of the bitmaps's file header. bfSize gives the size
    of the entire file in bytes, while biSize gives only the size of the header in bytes (40).

11. For RGB formats, biHeight being negatives means the vertical orientation of the image is top-down. The origin is at the 
    upper left corner.

12. biBitCount specifies the color depth, bits per pixel.

13. If the user entered argument specifying outfile is not a valid file name, fopen could return NULL.

14. fread reads an array of count elements, where count is the third parameter. In copy.c, we only want to read one element
    (either BITMAPINFOHEADER or BITMAPFILEHEADER) at once, so we use 1 as the parameter.

15. padding is assigned a value of 3, since sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) is 3 bytes, so (4-(3*3%4))%4 = 3

16. fseek changes the position indicator associated with the file pointer to a new position. In copy.c, that means we can
    skip the padding of an image.
    
17. SEEK_CUR is the current position in the file pointer. We set that as the origin when using fseek.

18. Fozzy the bear
